c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\DAL.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.dll.config
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\DAL.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Desktop\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.pdb
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.dll.config
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\NewsAgency.pdb
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\DAL.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\DAL.pdb
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.dll
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.pdb
D:\Projects\Job\C#\Asp.net\NewsAgency\NewsAgency\obj\Debug\NewsAgency.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
